Added environments section to README (#829)
IQSS/dataverse-frontend: README.md

- 2023-12-13: [Files table on the dataset page](https://groups.google.com/g/dataverse-community/c/w_rEMddESYc/m/6F7QC1p-AgAJ)
- 2024-09-13: [Collection page, collection and dataset creation and file uploading](https://groups.google.com/g/dataverse-community/c/heSnBRhhriM/m/bFgLDvvZAQAJ)

> 

Reviewer: This link above should be updated so it continues to work:

`<li><a href="#beta-testing-environment">Beta Testing Environment</a></li>`

### Dataverse Frontend Environments

The Dataverse Frontend project uses several environments to support different stages of development, testing, and deployment. Each environment serves a specific purpose for stakeholders ranging from developers to end users.

> All environments follow an “all-in-one” setup, where the frontend and backend applications run together on a Payara server.  

Reviewer: Does this mean that Docker is not recommended? I've only seen Dataverse and the SPA running together on Payara in non-Docker environments.

Author: No, here we don't mention that Docker isn’t recommended, just that the frontend environments follow the all-in-one solution. I don’t think it’s necessary to go into detail about Docker at this point, but let me know what you think and we can revisit it.

Reviewer: I think any mention of Docker would be good. "These environments don't use Docker but it should work just fine" or whatever. 😄 We could even link to this issue:

- #70

Author: Updated!

#### Beta

> The **Beta** environment provides a remote space for testing the latest changes. It automatically deploys the current `develop` branches of both the frontend and backend through GitHub Actions.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **Beta** environment provides a remote space for testing the latest changes. GitHub Actions automatically deploy the current `develop` branches of both the frontend and backend.  
```
